Make mocked registry more visible (#292)
SAP-samples/cloud-cap-samples: README.md

```
> While mocha is a bit smaller and faster, jest runs tests in parallel and isolation, which allows to run all tests.

### Deploy Sample

> We've included a simple npm registry mock, which allows you to do an `npm install @capire/<package>` locally. Use it as follows:

Reviewer: Maybe mention the 'publish and deploy' scenario explicitly: 
```suggestion
To allow publish and deploy tools to execute `npm install` in the individual subfolders, we've included a simple npm registry mock. Use it as follows:
```
